hi everybody is cooking with luca di
this is Japan your address book
Japanese culinary favorite today
we prepare one of the most recipes
important culinary culture
Japanese or miso soup I have
put I put shihui or whatever it is
what it is about is the most famous soup
as I said, in fact , Japan comes
consumed both breakfast and in meals
let's complete a little from everyone today let's try
to do it in two versions, that is from zero and
lyophilized that fatigue after the initials vi
I show everything first we cut
diagonally a polo shirt or a spring onion in
this way
now let's take some tofu and cut it into a
third in small cubes of about one centimeter e
let's set aside like we did with
the leek now take a sheet of the seaweed
nori cut them in four and put it on
and no glass of water for a couple of
minutes
now we squeeze and cut the
strips and also let's put them from
part that has no pot with a liter
of water we add half a tablespoon of
tap and 4 tablespoons of miso passes now
let's light a beautiful flame and do it
melt our miso pasta with
the ski mixing well now that it boils
we can lower the flame e
let's add to burn five
minutes our leek
the seaweed and finally the tofu
Now let's mix gently so as not to
destroy the tofu before turning off
we also put in a spoonful of
Sesame seeds
now we can put our soup in
a bowl and here is no
miso hot and steaming
let's go immediately to taste it
very good
the statute was soft so it melts
right in the mouth now that it's hot
now instead we do the other kind of
soup when instantaneous us open
santana is the one most used in
japan and here is one example
sachet should also be much simpler to
prepare
not that the manual version is
difficult though we know this is much more
fast what a packet of m da is needed
pour directly into the cup e
obviously 170 cc of boiling water
about a cup now mixes with
time a couple of minutes and i
freeze-dried ingredients melt
well and is ready and we still test
this time the mouse is used
a little spongy obvious doesn't hold the
comparison with the one prepared at home
the challenge is won by the miso soup made
in home
however if you want to redo it below
in the info box I leave the book from
the one inspired by the kitchen
Japanese with manga and also the two sites
of online shopping
Sino Japanese and see you which one
you want to use but which one I did from
zero and definitely better
ah well this is the rest here
but serious and nothing
the video ends here see you there
next time
below in the info boss I leave you
also link to my facebook page where
you can buy my shirts
smooth lips and we see each other there
next time
but agree